Extend D1 docs with clarifications for one-way type conversions (#22093)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/d1/worker-api/index.mdx

```ts
// Row definition
type OrderRow = { Id: string; CustomerName: string; OrderDate: number };

// Elsewhere in your application
const result = await env.MY_DB.prepare(
	"SELECT Id, CustomerName, OrderDate FROM [Order] ORDER BY ShippedDate DESC LIMIT 100",
).run<OrderRow>();
```

## Type conversion

D1 automatically converts supported JavaScript (including TypeScript) types passed as parameters via the Workers Binding API to their associated D1 types <sup>1</sup>.
This conversion is permanent and one-way only, meaning that when reading the written values back in your code you will get the converted values and not the originally inserted values.

> Sidenote: We recommend using [STRICT tables](https://www.sqlite.org/stricttables.html) in your SQL schema to avoid issues with mismatched types actually stored in your database compared to what your schema defines.

Author: What's the right component to put this into a "note/info box"?

Reviewer: `:::note` ?

The type conversion during writes is as follows:

| JavaScript (write)   | D1                          | JavaScript (read)  |
| -------------------- | --------------------------- | ------------------ |
| null                 | `NULL`                      | null               |
| Number               | `REAL`                      | Number             |
| Number <sup>2</sup>  | `INTEGER`                   | Number             |
| String               | `TEXT`                      | String             |
| Boolean <sup>3</sup> | `INTEGER`                   | Number (`0`,`1`)   |
| ArrayBuffer          | `BLOB`                      | Array <sup>4</sup> |
| ArrayBuffer View     | `BLOB`                      | Array <sup>4</sup> |
| undefined            | Not supported. <sup>5</sup> | -                  |

> <sup>1</sup> D1 types correspond to the underlying [SQLite

Author: @Oxyjun How can we make the footnotes to show on hover? I assume there is some component we can migrate too?

Feel free to checkout and edit this PR directly, BTW.

Reviewer 2: I'll tackle the footnotes in a separate PR across all the pages. For reference though, this is how the hover footnote works:

```
Text [^1]

[^1]: Footnote
```

https://developers.cloudflare.com/style-guide/components/footnotes/

## Type conversion

D1 automatically converts supported JavaScript (including TypeScript) types passed as parameters via the Workers Binding API to their associated D1 types <sup>1</sup>.

> This conversion is permanent and one-way only, meaning that when reading the written values back in your code you will get the converted values and not the originally inserted values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This conversion is permanent and one-way only. This means that when reading the written values back in your code, you will get the converted values rather than the originally inserted values.
```

```js
export default {
	async fetch(request, env) {

> 	  const { pathname } = new URL(request.url);

Author: I haven't done any change below this so no idea why it re-formatted.

    	if (pathname === `/RUN`){
    		const returnValue = await stmt.bind(companyName1).run();
    		return Response.json(returnValue);
    	} else if (pathname === `/RAW`){
    		const returnValue = await stmt.bind(companyName1).raw();
    		return Response.json(returnValue);
    	} else if (pathname === `/FIRST`){
    		const returnValue = await stmt.bind(companyName1).first();
    		return Response.json(returnValue);
    	} else if (pathname === `/BATCH`) {
    		const batchResult = await env.DB.batch([
    			stmt.bind(companyName1),
    			stmt.bind(companyName2)
    		]);
    		return Response.json(batchResult);
    	} else if (pathname === `/EXEC`){
    		const returnValue = await env.DB.exec(`SELECT * FROM Customers WHERE CompanyName = "Bs Beverages"`);
    		return Response.json(returnValue);
    	} else if (pathname === `/WITHSESSION`){
    		const returnValue = await sessionStmt.bind(companyName1).run();
    		console.log("You're now using D1 Sessions!")
    		return Response.json(returnValue);
    	}
    	return new Response(
    		`Welcome to the D1 API Playground!
    		\nChange the URL to test the various methods inside your index.js file.`,
    	);
    },

};

> ````

Author: Yeah, I saw that too and tried to make it three, but prettier adds them back. The whole formatting of that section is prettier...
